listen my answer to that question
who would win in a fight godzilla versus
king kong really hasn't changed since
about first grade i think and so it that
was what was exciting about doing this
film
was that i was able to uh
put my stamp on that that that that
question the big question of who would
win in the in that fight
and uh that more than anything was the
reason why i wanted to make this movie
and he's right let me explain now really
quick looking back at the original 1963
fight you know i've heard people argue
for kong people argue for godzilla
and throughout the years and especially
by region it seemed to vary on who won
the fight but
i think it's clear that it kind of ends
in a draw but the way godzilla taunted
kong dab to check himself
that's a win in my book
decades later we have everybody booting
up cinematic universes all over the
place but
unlike something like universal's
monsterverse i'd say wp is kepters
legendary it's been a series filled with
oscar winners and international stars
they haven't all been perfect and the
humans are pretty dumb but i think the
monster fights deliver because of the
amount of money they put to the vfx and
i think that that's all due to the
interesting directors that they've hired
adam
wingard would like express to us a lot
with noises like he's like okay and then
congo's
he would describe the different type of
growls because we had to understand he's
like
this is a specific growl or this is a
growl about being sad or whatever it was
so it was always really funny because it
was different growls throughout the
script
the wingard crew yeah they seem to have
that down pet
now kong skull island would
chronologically be the first of the new
monster verse and it starts to branch it
all out and it's post credits you know
they kind of see the island as a surface
level version of what we'll see in this
movie as the hollow earth
and it was one that really made me
respect kong as a character i've always
liked him i think he's a good
dude even though i'm always going to be
team godzilla because some of the kong
fans
are weird i get asked all the time like
when are we going to see kong's penis
um and i don't really have a good answer
for that uh
i mean would it be interesting to see i
guess so i mean
you know he's presumably has one but you
know
it just doesn't show up on camera with
the 2014 godzilla it was that one movie
that everyone was so excited to go see
and then you don't even see the title
character for a long time
it definitely was more focused in on the
humans and not godzilla
you know they were looking for the
goldzilla since it was full of emmy
winners you know a lot of actors who
were in their prime getting oscar
nominations
and i will say would i have loved to see
more of brian cranston on screen
you're goddamn right but in the end if
you go back and re-watch it while i
think they should have marketed maybe a
little bit differently
it is really cool to kind of see you
know the perspective of humans
in the universe of godzilla right it's
really you just following them as
all this craziness is going on i do
think the first half of the movie
is better than when we're following the
max moff twins who are married in it but
i do think that their perspective you
know that the fact that you're following
it off from the humans kind of like a
cloverfield aspect
adds a lot more anxiety from the way
that you view the entire thing
granted that perspective also means that
it's gonna take you 56 minutes in
until you barely see godzilla's tie i
guess we're monster hunters now
we may have seen more of mando's face
and godzilla in his own movie but that
doesn't mean that it doesn't deliver
in fact i think that this movie has some
of the best godzilla growls that
progressively get
louder and louder to the point that i
remember my seat shaking in the theater
so much that it cracked my phone
they're iconic plus it gave us this
classic line let them fight
in terms of king of monsters i made an
lme for it and it still holds up the
same for me
it's got some really fun action set
pieces that are clouded in rain
dust anything that'll cause your tv to
glitch if you're trying to stream it
but the big thing that they set up here
is all of these humans and their
viewpoint on them whether they see the
titans as something that needs to be
defeated
or controlled while others are seeing
them as a cure for the planet that's
getting rid of diseases
even if those diseases include humans
which
are still the worst part of this movie
that's rich i couldn't be more sane
but while the 2014 followed decent human
characters for a majority of it
king of monsters tried to go 50 50. it's
just one half was kind of trash
godzilla versus king kong i think
finally balances it out the best in my
opinion
giving you the monster clashes with the
updated craziest effects you can ask for
for this new generation
while still having a little side of dumb
humans
now personally i give it a full combo
price so full spoilers if you haven't
seen the movie
definitely go check it out it's on hbo
you can blast it and play it seven times
over like i've done just
you know be careful because the more
they're hearing godzilla growl
you can get your neighbors knocking on
your door this is this is not another
movie that you can a versus movie where
you should walk away
still asking the question who won this
has to be the definitive
answer to the question who wins godzilla
or kong
now breaking down the two godzilla's
size and tail are clearly the advantage
here you know because that thing is
so sneaky and even uses it in the first
fight as a misdirect when he's coming up
on them which is really smart but
considering his tiny hands
look i i gotta give it to khan cause
he's got that reach both have the
ability to shoot beams
zillow from its breath and kong's axe
when he's able to hot potato back to him
but here's the thing though as much as i
don't care about the humans you
can't ignore the amount of assist they
give kong throughout this flick
for one they're the ones who bring him
into the battle which you know it's a
lot better than the way they upped him
in the original
but they're always assisting him in
every way shape or form meanwhile it's
always godzilla on his own and he comes
into this first fight and sinks their
battleship in seconds
oh godzilla is roasting king kong
now be honest in this first one they do
mention that kong has been sedated
because they're taking him out there
he's like 88
so i'm not gonna fully hold the first
match against him even though a couple
days had passed
become did also have the humans helping
with fighter jets you know they're
shooting zilla from the ships
even beamed him out of the water before
kong drowned
they provide kong with jets to dart the
ability to hopscotch across the water
and still zillah has him hitting the
geronimo
see godzilla beat him so bad this first
round
that they actually had kong played dead
legit rebecca hall had
everybody turn off the lights on the
ships so godzilla would think that they
were
going night night and he could swim away
so at the bell it's one oh the monster
who has the moniker of a deity
now really quick for the in memoriam we
actually do have a pretty big death that
happens in this movie
and that's dr mark russell's screen time
because they like legit
bench coach taylor
in terms of the story they still have
each human following a monster for
godzilla there's brian tyree henry who
plays a podcaster who used to work for
the big company apex
he's the whistleblower who does nothing
but yell i like brian but
they made his character too goofy in my
opinion you know because
they're trying to create this like
conspiracy trope with them but it
doesn't really make sense considering
the world they're living in
you know one that has these posters up
in schools they even had a bit where he
mentions bunkers and it's supposed to be
outlandish even though millie's mom and
the last one straight up confessed
over the last 60 years monarch has
prepared bunkers
around the world to save and restart
civilization
i suggest you find them couldn't be more
sane
he's got a calculator watch a fanny pack
he rans about the illuminati and secret
societies
and really listens to him that podcast
is filling your head with garbage
millie also got cut down in this movie
but she still finds herself having easy
access to
high security facilities she does
research and drinks
coffee and is able to find the dude
who's extra cautious about his location
by buying fish off the guy who sells in
bleach
now this big company apex finds a way to
lure godzilla in to destroy their
facility to make him seem like the bad
guy since everyone knows that zilla
doesn't shoot first
they're just trying to bait him you know
the big ideological debate again in the
movie
is whether you're a pro monster
anti-titan or you're one of those who is
more central than the hollow earth
claiming coexistence
but apex is run by simmons who's played
by damian beshear who reminders should
have won that oscar and he's looking to
solve the earth's titan problem and has
recruited serizawa's kid named ren who's
doing
everything that his father didn't want
him to do i guess he hates godzilla
because his dad paid more attention to a
lizard than him but simmons also has his
daughter maya who babysits for her dad
practically running assignments and
looking to extract an energy source to
power up their new project
feel free to be impressed a lot of that
centers around finding the hollow earth
which baby dre first mentioned back in
skull island
and they kind of show you a map of it
where you see all these funnels that
kind of in a sense have allowed godzilla
to travel as fast as varys since they're
like the east australian currents to any
point on earth that he could just hop in
and that's where dr lind and dr andrews
come in starsgard's character is the one
who's been studying and pushing this
theory about the hollow earth ever since
his brother died searching for it
yet when he's finally on his way down
there and is passing the gravity
inversion level that
crushed his brother just cracking jokes
it's almost like they forget how they
write these humans rebecca hall's
character is considered to be the kong
whisperer and while they want to call
her like the jane goodall of the movie
she practically owns them but when it
comes to kong what i say
goes you name the terms she also takes
care of this little girl named gia who
no one monitors since she's walking
right up to primates more frequently
than eric andre
and she also teaches kong sign language
which i don't know when she found the
time to do all that or how even though
he's under constant surveillance
nobody noticed but i'm excited to see
kong expand his vocabulary
after homage in 2001 they find a path to
enter the earth's core
and i love how the humans have created
this facility it's full of tunnels you
know it's probably cost
trillions of dollars over the decades
that they've been building it and
godzilla creates a freeway straight down
there
with his breath in seconds now kang does
get another dub when he's down there
when he's fighting more creatures
but again i'm just like i'm not counting
zilla's apex destruction in the
beginning
i'm not counting this one because
they're not part of the title fight
but again you see that he continues to
get assist from the humans
he also kills maya which he does get
full credit for but still not as
satisfying as that one kill from skull
island
but i would love to see future
installments take place down here
completely
how make it an hbo series and don't
skimp on the money i know that a lot was
cut down from this version because adam
wingard mentioned how he didn't want to
have a six-act popcorn movie which
i respect you know i think it does work
in being able to just make it something
that you could sit down and enjoy over
and over
but you can tell that there's been a lot
of extractions in the movie and they
went over time with the glue
they cut out lance reddick's character
who is the director of monarch so i feel
like that should have been a big deal to
keep in
the chen twins who appeared in the
previous movies are also gone and
i feel they're more important than some
other characters who have stayed and the
cast even talked about how they filmed
a lot when they were in the hollow earth
that probably should have been an hour's
worth and
well none of that is there just the shot
of baby godzilla so
i don't need the five hour cut and i
know people have been split on you know
these longer versions but please please
please just jam pack those features when
you have the 4k come out
that said while it was dope to see kong
down there you know
being able to take his throat as king
what's a king to a god
now the main fight and destruction
happens in hong kong which is
why it topped their box office and damn
was there more neon than blade runner
junkie excel score wasn't better than
the previous ones in my opinion but it
delivers on the synth adrenaline that
they were going for and
if you've seen adam wingard's movies you
know that he loves that type of music
and i think that the fight is everything
that it could have been the way kong
uses his axe as a perfect homage to when
he made zilla eat his greens
kong's ripping rooftops to shield
himself like cap he's taking zillow's
breath and kamehameha
back to him they mentioned earlier how
kong has kept growing when they had him
in that dome but like
damn yo y'all couldn't make godzilla's
head any bigger
i'll give kong this there's this punch
he does off a building that had me
adding three points for him on the box
score
and they really had him finagle zilla's
head like he was a
monstar it was so disrespectful
but not as bad as what the true king
does the true titan was obviously going
to prevail that by the end of it
zilla had slashed kong's back and
scratched his chest so
bad that it almost made it down to the
core he really was like king kong
ain't got [ __ ] on me he beat kong so bad
they had him stumbling to get up he
looked like apollo
and balboa but then
[Music]
now as we saw with the after credits of
the previous one simmons is actually
able to get a hold of one of gadora's
heads in order to hotwire it due to its
telepathy
in order to be able to power and control
mechagodzilla
wren tries the pacific rim it but after
harnessing the power that they were
exploiting down in the hollow earth
gedora just takes over mechagodzilla
becomes one
chucks both of them and we get round
three now again
khan gets a literal boost from the
humans to revive him and they're able to
double team the robot
and i will say that while this does look
like the first slight el godzilla took
i mean godzilla didn't know he was gonna
have a double header that day
he just finished constructing i-290 down
to the earth's core
and you know what he did kind of loosen
that peanut butter jar for conor to come
in and sock and bop him
but this thing was amped up it isn't
until again
the humans pull the plug and de-power
mecca that they're able to take him down
and i've heard some people try to use
the logic that if mecca was owning
godzilla
and kang was beating up mecca when it
comes down to it this was a double team
it was godzilla's breath that charges
axe all the team effort
the two stare at each other and
acknowledge that they want more sequels
to come
and then they go on their merry ways as
it ends just like the touhou contract
now i'm not sure how many people know
this but the touhou contract that they
had was only up until 2020
in order for wb and legendary to use
these characters
in particular for godzilla so i don't
know what happens next
because it seems like there was some
duping going on in the background i know
that touhou has some rules for the
characters when they lent them to
legendary
uh to do these reboots and one of them i
believe was that godzilla can't show
emotion yet
they had his goofy self smiling when he
hit kong sure they gave godzilla the win
but they also kind of gave kong the
movie not only is the opening shot kongs
he's the one who gets the development we
see him learn a new language we visit
his childhood home
it's practically an eat pray love for
him and even right at the end when we're
supposed to get the classic godzilla
swimming away in the water
and then a rock song plays with credit
kong really swung in and stole it
according to interviews this was
supposed to be the after credit scene
but according to my eyes they played it
before it rolled so there's some
sabotaging probably going on here
i just hope that they do find a way to
extend the contract because at least at
this point they haven't
and i i know that they both see godzilla
differently
the studios maybe even the countries but
it would be dope to see more
installments
but man they really had gone staring at
him leave
knowing good and well that he was gonna
take back that final shot it's slick
at least this time around it is
definitive and if you disagree you know
it's probably going to be another 40
years before the kid who's watching this
installment right now
goes to film school and does everything
in his power
to redirect that rematch but until then
thank you for watching this video and
i'm curious to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section who are you
rooting for
do you see it any other way i mean
godzilla won he's the winner he's the
one who's prevailing i'll see y'all in
60 something years when they try to do
it again but i'm glad that he won
although i do feel he may have gotten
duped i really do hope that they fix the
deal and they're able to extend it they
better not have just used godzilla for
all of these movies and then they're
just gonna
push kong with like a mini series on hbo
and focus on the hollow earth
i want them to continue this whole titan
verse i wanted to get bigger and bigger
and bigger like people have been wanting
to see
with all the fan installments that they
that they're hoping for but uh
yeah i'm curious to see your thoughts on
this movie what your favorite scene was
out of the ones that we've gotten so far
what is your favorite um i still think
that godzilla is probably the best
made one but the one that i've rewatched
the most is this one right here again
the the humans are so dumb
but i think the fights deliver for what
they need to um it's pretty
it's pretty cool to see both of them i
like when popped his shoulder back in i
thought that was pretty cool
but remember uh even though he's king
kong
he's godzilla and still the king but he
only uses that as a subtitle
it's only a matter of time before they
make this a theme park ride so you know
i'm gonna be there for that because the
movie already felt like that
uh but until next time i'm curious to
know your thoughts on this any big
franchises you want us to cover
wb please don't block us until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and coach taylor will finally
get another scene